NMS-13074: Win32ServiceDetector documentation (#3346)
OpenNMS/opennms: docs/modules/operation/pages/provisioning/detectors/Win32ServiceDetector.adoc

= Win32 Service Detector

> The Win32 Service Detector can be used for detecting the availability of services on Windows devices with SNMP enabled. It will make a query against the Microsoft LAN Manager MIB `.1.3.6.1.4.1.77` over SNMP to confirm the service.

Reviewer: one sentence one line

Author: fixed

== Detector facts

[options="autowidth"]
|===
| Implementation | `org.opennms.netmgt.provision.detector.snmp.Win32ServiceDetector`
|===

== Configuration and Use

.Parameters for the Win32 Service Detector
[options="header, autowidth"]
|===
| Parameter       | Description                                                                              | Required | Default value
| `serviceName`   | The windows service name to query for. This should be the `Display name` field value for the Windows service in question as displayed in the `services.msc` applet.                                                 | Required | `Win32Service`
|===

== Example Configuration

[source,xml]
----
<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="yes"?>
<foreign-source date-stamp="2010-06-29T13:15:30.494+02:00" name="test" xmlns="http://xmlns.opennms.org/xsd/config/foreign-source">
  <scan-interval>1d</scan-interval>
      <detector name="WSUS" class="org.opennms.netmgt.provision.detector.snmp.Win32ServiceDetector">

>          <parameter key="serviceName" value="WSUS Service"/>

Reviewer: Any hints we have to give about service names in Windows servers with another language and special characters in service names?

Author: Good question. We have this hint for the poller:
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/4995222/111803693-94bdb300-88cf-11eb-9335-59290e842e9b.png)

Not sure if it also would work for the detector.

Reviewer: added some more details above which should help to solve this problem.

Reviewer: Is the XML example required? We can configure via the user interface and the other detectors don't provide the XML definition either?

= Win32 Service Detector

> The Win32 Service Detector can be used for detecting the availability of services on Windows devices with SNMP enabled.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Use the Win32 Service Detector to detect the availability of services on Windows devices with SNMP enabled.
```

> It will query against the Microsoft LAN Manager MIB `.1.3.6.1.4.1.77` over SNMP to confirm the service.

Reviewer: It will query the table `.1.3.6.1.4.1.77.1.2.3.1.3` (svSvcOperatingState)  from the LAN manager MIB-II and if the service is active(1), the service will be detected.
Each character of the display name of the service is converted into the decimal representation of the ASCII character and is used as an OID suffix for the _svSvcOperatingState_ table to identify its state.
The display name _Task Scheduler_ becomes OID suffix `.84.97.115.107.32.83.99.104.101.100.117.108.101.114`.

TIP: You can query the `1.3.6.1.4.1.77.1.2.3.1.1` (svSvcName) to figure out which display name maps to the exact OID which can be used later in the detector to query the service state.

> It will make a query against the Microsoft LAN Manager MIB `.1.3.6.1.4.1.77` over SNMP to confirm the service.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It will query against the Microsoft LAN Manager MIB `.1.3.6.1.4.1.77` over SNMP to confirm the service.
```

== Detector facts

[options="autowidth"]
|===
| Implementation | `org.opennms.netmgt.provision.detector.snmp.Win32ServiceDetector`
|===

== Configuration and Use

.Parameters for the Win32 Service Detector
[options="header, autowidth"]
|===
| Parameter       | Description                                                                              | Required | Default value

> | `serviceName`   | The windows service name to query for. This should be the `Display name` field value for the Windows service in question as displayed in the `services.msc` applet.                                                 | Required | `Win32Service`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `serviceName`   | The Windows service name to query for. This should be the `Display name` field value for the Windows service in question as displayed in the `services.msc` applet.                                                 | Required | `Win32Service`
```

= Win32 Service Detector

> The Win32 Service Detector can be used for detecting the availability of services on Windows devices with SNMP enabled.

Reviewer 2: Use the Win32 Service Detector to detect the availability of services on Windows devices with SNMP enabled.

> It will make a query against the Microsoft LAN Manager MIB `.1.3.6.1.4.1.77` over SNMP to confirm the service.

Reviewer 2: It will query against the Microsoft LAN Manager MIB `.1.3.6.1.4.1.77` over SNMP to confirm the service.

= Win32 Service Detector

Use the Win32 Service Detector to detect the availability of services on Windows devices with SNMP enabled.
It will query the Microsoft LAN Manager MIB `.1.3.6.1.4.1.77` over SNMP to confirm the service exists and is active.

> The given `serviceName` as parameter is converted into the decimal ASCII characters of the windows service display name.

Reviewer 2: > The given `serviceName` as parameter is converted into the decimal ASCII characters of the Windows service display name.

> The given `win32ServiceName` as parameter is converted into the decimal ASCII characters of the windows service display name.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The given `win32ServiceName` parameter is converted into the decimal ASCII characters of the Windows service display name.
```
